LANCER CARD GAME

Players
	Mostly for roleplaying.

Mechs
	Mechs are built from two parts, core and shell.

Mech Core
	The internals, the beating heart of your mech. Contains the primary reactor, drivetrain, and processors.
	Upgrades to the mech core apply to every mech you build.

Mech Shell
	External mounts, systems, and hardware that are applied over your core.
	Determines your mech's appearance and function. Shells are humanoid unless otherwise specified.

	You can swap between different shells outside of combat.
	Most towns will be able to print a new shell to your specifications.

	Shell specifications include a complete list of modules, and these modules are baked into the printed frame.
	For example, a sword wielding mech will have strengthened joints and servos, 
		where a minigun mech will have an ammunition storage area.
	Mechanically, this lets modules give a wider variety of bonuses.

Modules
	primary weapon
		Held with your big mech hands.
		Grants powerful active abilities.
		examples: assault rifle, nanocarbon sword

	external mount
		Primarily support systems and alternate weapons.
		examples: artillery launcher, armor plating

	internal mount
		Systems that don't physically interact with the outside world.
		examples: hacking rig, shield generator

	Some modules may be mounted in multiple locations.


Mechs
	Two base stats
		HULL   General burliness. Good for moving heavy things and resisting explosions.
		CPU    Used for electronic warfare. Improves the effectiveness of some cards.

		By default these stats are zero. 
		Some cards grant them. They will say something like
			`passive: 1 HULL`

		When you are asked to use a base stat, you may reveal one card and use its value.

		Some mechs have a special stacking bonus, which you add to every usage of a base stat.

	Default actions, let you spend any card for a weak effect
		usually one basic move action
		usually one basic attack action
		usually a systems reboot action

	Heat capacity and cooling rate
		Higher tech modules are more effective than simple solutions, but cost you heat to run.
		This heat capacity is a limiter on how much tech you can fit.

	Some number of unique passive bonuses.

	hull=hull, agi=base_moves, cpu=systems, heat=engineering



Damage Types

	Push X
		Target moves X squares. 
		If they hit a wall they take 1 stagger for each unused push.
		If they hit a mech, ????
			some sort of hull contest
			do both get staggered?
			does momentum transfer?
	Stagger X
		Discards X cards.
		Attacker can choose from 
			cards currently on the stack
			cards in hand that have been revealed (eg for base stats)
		Defender can voluntarily 

	Structure Damage
		roll on table

	Thermal Damage
		Adds to heat gauge.



Card Types

	program
		You may choose to start with this card in hand.
		Programs generally remain in play, and provide passive bonuses.
		Viruses are a detrimental type of program, given to you by enemies.


Action Types

	full round action
		Must be the first card you've played in the current round. Discard your hand.

	slow action
		May not be played on a stack (i.e. in reaction to something else).

	standard action
		May be played either to start a stack, or in response to something on the stack.


Definitions

	melee attack - standard action, choose one adjacent enemy to target

	knockback - slide away from you







rough level scaling

        @0  @max
t0  +2  62  94
t1  +3  58  92
t2  +4  56  91
t3  +5  55  90
t4  +6  54  90

t0 is more of a theoretical tier, or a tier for npcs and non-mechs
don't worry about it too much

base stat, from mech/item
base stat includes accuracy and agility

t0  1/1
t1  1/2
t2  2/2
t3  2/3
t4  3/3


heat scaling

4 capacity ~ 1 cooling

if you max heat capacity,
should be able to have tier+1 units

so at tier 4, you have 6 modules have 5 capacity
comfortably run 5/6 powered modules
or run 1 extra hungry and 3 powered
this is full spec into heat


mobility scaling

distance
flight




tiers
		  stats     draw/
   dice self/item  tracks 
t0  d2    0 / 1       1 
t1  d4    1 / 1       2
t2  d6    1 / 2       3
t3  d8    2 / 2       4
t4 d10    2 / 3       5
t5 d12    3 / 3       6


For every tier advantage you have
add one to all damage, stagger, and knockback



t0 is for people, small drones, etc
like imagine you in real life, but you have a gun

t1 is a little stronger, imp tier
people in exoskeletons, robot soldiers

t2 are simple stock mechs, foliot tier
good lieutennants, practical and cost effective

t3 are the first true mechs, djinn tier
these are strong as solo operatives, or leading squadrons

t4 are incredibly advanced mechs, afrit tier
only corps and govs can afford to field these

t5 are legendary mechs, marid tier
each one is special. These are rarely, if ever, seen







































