

Each class has a basic attack.
Each class has a mantra and power die.
Each class has a signature track.
Each class has two additional tracks.

Heat gives flame points.
Flame points are used to cast spells.

Attacks are rolled either 
    against wit (for reflex saves) (for slow attacks that deal heavy damage)
    against breath (for will saves) (for mind-affecting and fear effects)
    against might (for fort saves) (for quick attacks that deal low damage)

Chracters have two HP bars
    stamina, which is strong against single strong attacks 
    health, which is strong against flurries of weak attacks

Signature track is mostly flavor and out of combat utility.
Most characters have a defensive and offensive track. 
    Warlock has two offense, monk has two defense.


warlock  ambition, scry, blood magic (accuracy), fireblast (damage)
thief    greed, appraise, stealth, illusion
bard     art, bamboozle, taunt, inspire
beggar   none, share drink, improvise, 
monk     relax, advice, 
law      condemn, truesight, 
fury     crit, sense, reckless, restorative
fated    loyal, lead, smite, tenacity





















warlock     You and GM gain d12, locks you out until GM uses.
            Scry
            Magic attack: +1 range, damage=heat. On a miss, take 1 damage.
            Binding Shackles
thief       Gain a d10 on learning a deep dark secret or stealing a priceless treasure.
            ? sig 
            ?
            ?
bard        People can't say no to you. Gain a d8 when bamboozling.
            quickness
            vicious mockery 
            dodge 
beggar      Gain a d20 once per quest.
            Share a drink.
            Improvised weapon.
            Drunken master.
monk        Gain a d8 on taking a nice relaxing break.
            Wise teacher.
            Swat at flies. (might+breath->evasion)
            Mountain Stance.
paladin     Roll d10s when pursuing GUILTY CRIMINALS
            Truesight, action gives to allies.
            royal armory
            heart of stone
barbarian   Mega crit, gives rage for rest of combat.
            Size up enemies.
            Heal out of combat.
            Reckless Technique.
fated       Risk danger to save someone, get a d20.
            Lead by Example.
            Relic weapon, smight.
            If you are wounded, gain +1 damage.            



